adverse neuromuscular activities
anticoagulant activities
antineoplastic activities
analgesic activities
anticholinergic activities
arrhythmogenic activities
antiplatelet activities
antipsychotic activities
antihypertensive activities
bronchodilatory activities
bronchoconstrictory activities
bradycardic activities
cardiotoxic activities
central neurotoxic activities
constipating activities
diuretic activities
dermatologic adverse activities
fluid retaining activities
hepatotoxic activities
hyperkalemic activities
hyperglycemic activities
hypercalcemic activities
hypertensive activities
hypoglycemic activities
hypothyroid activities
hypotensive activities
hypokalemic activities
hyponatremic activities
hypocalcemic activities
immunosuppressive activities
myopathic rhabdomyolysis activities
myelosuppressive activities
neuromuscular blocking activities
neurotoxic activities
neutropenic activities
nephrotoxic activities
neuroexcitatory activities
ototoxic activities
orthostatic hypotensive activities
photosensitizing activities
qtc-prolonging activities
respiratory depressant activities
sedative activities
stimulatory activities
serotonergic activities
teratogenic activities
tachycardic activities
thrombogenic activities
thrombocytopenic activities
ulcerogenic activities
vasopressor activities
vasodilatory activities
vasoconstricting activities
central nervous system depressant
atrioventricular blocking
other